samples: Bluetooth: add build instructions to TMAP and HAP samples (#109275)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/bluetooth/tmap_peripheral/README.rst

Application demonstrating the TMAP peripheral functionality. Implements the CT and UMR roles.

Requirements
************

* A board with Bluetooth Low Energy 5.2 support

Building and Running
********************

Build and flash the sample as follows, replacing ``<board>`` with your target
board (e.g. :zephyr:board:`nrf5340dk`):

.. zephyr-app-commands::
   :zephyr-app: samples/bluetooth/tmap_peripheral
   :board: <board>
   :goals: build flash
   :compact:

After flashing, the sample initializes the TMAP Call Terminal (CT) and Unicast
Media Receiver (UMR) roles, then starts advertising as ``TMAP Peripheral``.
After a TMAP Central connects and security is established, the sample discovers
the peer's TMAP role: if the peer is a Call Gateway (CG), it originates a call
and terminates it after 2 seconds; if the peer is a Unicast Media Sender (UMS),

> it plays media and pauses after 2 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the peer's TMAP role: if the peer is a Call Gateway (CG), it sends an "originate call" request
and terminates it after 2 seconds; if the peer is a Unicast Media Sender (UMS),
it sends a "play media" request and pauses after 2 seconds.
```

Given that we are probably not actually originating a call or playing media (we are tell the remote device to do this), I suggest the above
